{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\deff0\deflang1049{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset204 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang1033\f0\fs22 1 Choose the best answer. Futachiba ___________a leading international provider of computer hardware.\par
\cf1\fs28 is\par
\cf0 Choose the best answer.We \-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-__________ production facilities in six countries and we sell our products to almost every country in the world.\par
\cf1 Have\par
\cf0 Choose the best answer. We ___________a very high leve of customer services\par
\cf1 provide\par
\cf0 Choose the best answer.We ____a fast-growing private company that ____cloud computing services internationally.\par
\cf1\fs22 are/supplies\par
\cf0 Choose the best answer.Our products____ online office applications such as word processing, spreadsheet, presentation and database programs, which people ____on the internet anywhere and at any time. \par
\cf1 include/can use\par
\cf0 Choose the best answer.                                                                                                  At Digital World we proudly ____ the most popular games in the world!\par
\cf1 design\cf0\par
Choose the best answer. We ____every day by the great feedback we get from our favorite people.\par
\cf1 are excited\cf0\par
Choose the best answer.Many of them ____also ____for Apple iOS and Android.\par
\cf1 are/available\cf0\par
Choose the best answer.We ____          ____the next version of our biggest game, War of the Suns, next month.\par
\cf1 expect/to launch\cf0\par
Choose the best answer.I ___ sixteen years old. \par
\cf1 am\cf0\par
Choose the best answer.Tommy ___ at 107 Pine Lane. \par
\cf1 lives\cf0\par
Choose the best answer.Juana ___ dinner for her family. \par
\cf1 cooks\cf0\par
Choose the best answer.They ___ lunch at 12:00. \par
\cf1 eat\cf0\par
Choose the best answer.Nina ___ medicine when she is sick. \par
\cf1 takes\cf0\par
Choose the best answer.I ___ chocolate\par
\cf1 like\cf0\par
Choose the best answer.He ___ a nice car\par
\cf1 drives\cf0\par
Choose the best answer.We ___ to see a movie tonight. \par
\cf1 want\cf0\par
Choose the best answer.Mr. Anderson ___ chemistry at Hill High School. \par
\cf1 teaches\cf0\par
Choose the best answer.They ___ English at school. \par
\cf1 study\cf0\par
Choose the best answer..  I ___ to go home now.\par
 \cf1 want\cf0\par
Choose the best answer.Bill and Calicia ___ to the mountains every year.\par
 \cf1 drive\cf0\par
Choose the best answer.We ___ pasta once a week. \par
\cf1 eat\cf0\par
Choose the best answer.It ___ here in December.\par
\cf1 snows\cf0  \par
Choose the best answer.When Dax _ a shower, he _ his hair with shampoo.\par
\cf1 Taken/washes\cf0\par
Write questions with Do/Does.I play tennis. And you? __ you ______ tennis?\par
\cf1 do/play\cf0\par
Write questions with Do/Does.I like hot weather. And your sister? ___she______ hot weather?\par
\cf1 does/like\cf0\par
Write questions with Do/Does.We know the answer. And your friends? __they ______ the answer?\par
\cf1 do/know\cf0\par
Write questions with Do/Does.My sister does morning exercises. And you? ___you ______ morning exercises?\par
\cf1 do/do\cf0\par
Write questions with Do/Does.I want to be famous. And Tim? __Tim______ to be famous?\par
\cf1 does/want\cf0\par
Choose the correct question to the given sentences.I wash my hair once a week.\par
\cf1 how often do you wash you hair\cf0\par
Choose the correct question to the given sentences.They have lunch at a caf\'e9. \par
\cf1 where do they have lunch \cf0\par
Choose the correct question to the given sentences.I go to the university by bus.\par
\cf1 how do you go to the unversity\cf0\par
Choose the correct question to the given sentences.She lives in Tashkent.\par
\cf1 where does she live\cf0\par
Choose the correct question to the given sentences.He visits museum very often.\par
\cf1 how often does he visit museums\cf0\par
Choose the correct question to the given sentences.Mr. Brown develops software to \par
companies.\par
\cf1 what does Mr.Brown develop\cf0\par
Choose the correct question to the given sentences.She speaks English well.\par
\cf1 Who speaks english well\cf0\par
Choose the correct question to the given sentences.I did not come to the party because I stuck in traffic jam.\par
\cf1 why did not you come to the party\cf0\par
Choose the correct question to the given sentences.They are at the party now.\par
\cf1 where are they\cf0\par
Choose the correct question to the given sentences.I start my work at 8 in the morning.\par
\cf1 when do you start you work\cf0\par
Choose the best definition to the given word.  Application\par
\cf1 a program dedicated to a specific task\cf0\par
Choose the best definition to the given word. Buffer \par
\cf1 an area in memory used for temporary storage (eg: rapid input from keyboard)\cf0\par
Choose the best definition to the given word. Email\par
\cf1 electronic mail; system of sending messages through the internet\cf0\par
Choose the best definition to the given word. Input\par
\cf1 data entered into a computer (by keyboard, camera, scanner, USB)\cf0\par
Choose the best definition to the given word. Hard disk\par
\cf1 fixed, magnetic disc inside a PC for (permanent) storing of data\par
\cf0 Choose the best definition to the given word. Hardware\par
\cf1 the mechanical and electronic parts of a computer, not the software\cf0\par
Choose the best definition to the given word. Keyboard\par
\cf1 the alphanumeric keys or buttons used to input data\cf0\par
Choose the best definition to the given word. Bit\par
\cf1 binary digit, the basic binary unit for storing data\cf0\par
Choose the best definition to the given word.  Memory\par
\cf1 part of a computer for (temporary) storing of data\cf0\par
Choose the best definition to the given word. Modem\par
\cf1 device that converts data to a form that can be transmitted by telephone\cf0\par
Choose the best definition to the given word. Operating System\par
\cf1  software that communicates with software, enabling applications to run.\cf0\par
Choose the best definition to the given word. Periepherals\par
\cf1 devices linked to a computer through the cable ( printer, scanner, modem, mouse)\par
\cf0 Choose the best definition to the given word. Screen\par
\cf1 the surface area of the visual display unit on which the image is formed\cf0\par
What does the IT abbreviation mean. RAM stands for\'85\par
\cf1 Random Access Memory\cf0\par
What does the IT abbreviation mean. ROM stands for\'85\par
\cf1 Read Only Memory\cf0\par
What does the IT abbreviation mean. OS stands for\'85\par
\cf1 Operating System\cf0\par
What does the IT abbreviation mean. DBMS stands for\'85\par
\cf1 Database Management System\cf0\par
What does the IT abbreviation mean. PC stands for\'85\par
\cf1 Personal Computer\cf0\par
What does the IT abbreviation mean. CMS stands for\'85\par
\cf1 Content Management System\cf0\par
What does the IT abbreviation mean. IT stands for \'85\par
\cf1 Information Technology\cf0\par
What does the IT abbreviation mean. HTTP stands for \'85\cf1\par
Hyper Text Transfer Protocol\par
\cf0 Complete the dialogue.  what  ___ your company ___? well, we mostly __________ apps for Apple and android devices for iphones\par
\cf1 does/do/develop\cf0\par
Complete the dialogue.        A: And,  who ______ your customers?\par
B: Mm\'85 they ______educational organizations. \par
\cf1 are/are\cf0\par
Complete the dialogue.                     A: What _____ your future plans?\par
B: We _____ new product to launch.\par
\cf1 are/have\cf0\par
Complete the dialogue.          A: Do you____ any hardware?\par
B: Yes, we ____.\par
\cf1 produce/do\cf0\par
Complete the dialogue.                            A: What ____ your name?                                              B: My name  ___ Bob.\par
\cf1 is/is\cf0\par
Complete the dialogue.                                                A: Where ____ your sister live?                                         B: She  ___ in the USA.\par
\cf1 does/live\cf0\par
Complete the dialogue.               A: What products  ____ popular among your customers?                                                                                         B: Laptops and tablets  ___ very popular.\par
\cf1 are/are\cf0\par
Complete the dialogue.               A: What books ____ you like to read?                                              B: I   ___ adventures.\par
\cf1 do/like\cf0\par
Complete the dialogue.         A: How many branches  ____ your company ____?                                                                              B: We    ___ have too many. Only two.\par
\cf1 does/have/have\cf0\par
Complete the dialogue.           A: How   ____ you  ____ to the office?                                                                              B: I ___ by bus.\par
\cf1 do/get/go\cf0\par
Choose the best preposition. The shops close ____ midnight.\par
\cf1 at\cf0  \par
Choose the best preposition. In England, it often snows____  December.\par
\cf1 in\cf0\par
Choose the best preposition. Do you work ____ Mondays.\par
\cf1 on\cf0\par
Choose the best preposition. Her birthday is ____ 20 November.\par
\cf1 on\cf0\par
Choose the best preposition. Do you think we will go to Jupiter ____ the future?\par
\cf1 in\cf0\par
Choose the best preposition. There should be a lot of progress ____ the next century.\par
\cf1 in\cf0\par
____ Where will you be ____ New Year's Day?\par
\cf1 on\cf0\par
Choose the best preposition. Jane went home ____ lunchtime.\par
\cf1 at\cf0\par
Choose the best preposition. We finished the test ____  the same time.\par
\cf1 at\par
\cf0 Choose the best preposition. He's not home ____ present. Try later.\par
\cf1 at\cf0\par
Choose the best preposition. He's coming back ____ Tuesday. \par
\cf1 next\cf0\par
Choose the best preposition. I went ____ London ____ June. \par
\cf1 to/last\cf0\par
Choose the best preposition. I go home ____ Easter. \par
\cf1 every\cf0\par
Choose the best preposition. We'll call you____ evening. \par
\cf1 this\cf0\par
Choose the best preposition. Are you usually at home __ 7 o'clock __ the evenings?\par
\cf1 at/in\cf0\par
Choose the best preposition. What do you usually do ____ weekends?\par
\cf1 at\cf0\par
Choose the best preposition. Is there a holiday __ your country __ 6 , January?\par
\cf1 in/on\cf0\par
Choose the best preposition. Do you go skiing ____ the winter?\par
\cf1 in\cf0\par
Choose the best preposition. Do you sometimes watch TV ____ the mornings?\par
\cf1 in\cf0\par
Choose the best preposition. Do you usually go shopping ____ Saturdays?\par
\cf1 on\cf0\lang1049\f1\par
\'d1hoose the best answer. What  has changed our lives for the better?\par
\cf1\lang1033\f0 compyuter\cf0\lang1049\f1\par
\'d1hoose the best answer. Why do the students like computer lessons?\par
\cf1 Because the lessons are interesting\cf0\par
\'d1hoose the best answer. What is a computer?\par
\cf1 An electronic machine\cf0\par
\'d1hoose the best answer. What helps us to enter the data into a computer?\par
\cf1 Input devices\cf0\par
\'d1hoose the best answer. What is the function of a monitor?\par
\cf1 Display data\cf0\par
\'d1hoose the best answer. What is the function of a keyboard?\par
\cf1\lang1033\f0 input date\cf0\lang1049\f1\par
\'d1hoose the best answer. What is the function of a printer?\par
\cf1 Print out the data on a paper\cf0\par
\'d1hoose the best answer. What device is a printer?\par
\cf1 Output\cf0\par
\'d1hoose the best answer. What device is a scanner?\par
\cf1 Input\cf0\par
Choose the proper pronoun. ____ all use PCs to  make our life easier. \par
\cf1\lang1033\f0 we\cf0\lang1049\f1\par
Choose the proper pronoun. ____ students like computer lessons very much because \par
computers can do many lessons more interesting \par
\cf1\lang1033\f0 our\cf0\lang1049\f1\par
Choose the proper pronoun. At their computer lessons  ____ print texts, draw graphs and electronic tables\par
\cf1\lang1033\f0 they\cf0\lang1049\f1\par
Choose the proper pronoun. Computers help in the building of spacecraft, and ____  assist flight engineers in launching, controlling and tracking the vehicles.\par
\cf1\lang1033\f0 they\cf0\lang1049\f1\par
Choose the proper pronoun.The Robot is a mechanical device. ____  can carry out the work, which for people proves to be too heavy \par
\cf1\lang1033\f0 It\cf0\lang1049\f1\par
Choose the proper pronoun. 1. Do ____ sometimes watch TV in the mornings\par
\cf1\lang1033\f0 you\cf0\lang1049\f1\par
Choose the proper pronoun.  ____  go home every Easter. \par
\cf1\lang1033\f0 I\cf0\lang1049\f1\par
Choose the proper pronoun. ____  is not home at present. Try later.\par
\cf1\lang1033\f0 He\cf0\lang1049\f1\par
Choose the proper pronoun. ____  birthday is on 20 November.\par
\cf1\lang1033\f0 Her\cf0\lang1049\f1\par
Choose the proper pronoun. Jane is coming tomorrow. ____ will be here by five.\par
\cf1\lang1033\f0 She\cf0\lang1049\f1\par
Choose the proper pronoun. __ live in Tashkent and __ house is really big.\par
\cf1\lang1033\f0 They/their\cf0\lang1049\f1\par
Choose the proper pronoun. __ children are in London now. __ study there.\par
\cf1\lang1033\f0 My/they\cf0\lang1049\f1\par
Choose the proper pronoun. __ is an English teacher. __ name is Susan.\par
\cf1\lang1033\f0 she/her\cf0\lang1049\f1\par
Choose the proper pronoun. Mr Brown is the manager of the company. __ likes __ company very much.\par
\cf1\lang1033\f0 he/his\cf0\lang1049\f1\par
Choose the proper ending. AJAX stands for ____ .\par
\cf1 Asynchronous JavaScript and XML\cf0\par
Choose the proper ending. Anchor text is ____ .\par
\cf1 the visible and clickable text in a hyperlink. \cf0\par
Choose the proper ending. Backlink is ____ .\par
\cf1 a link in a website that points back to your website \cf0\par
Choose the proper ending. JPG or JPEG is ____ .\par
\cf1 one of the most common image files\par
\cf0 Choose the proper ending. The purpose of an organizational website is____ .\par
\cf1 to inform about an idea or event. \cf0\par
Choose the proper ending. Companies develop commercial websites____ . \par
\cf1 to sell products or services\cf0\par
Choose the proper ending. Entertainment websites are designed ____ .\par
\cf1 to entertain or provide fun activities\cf0\par
Choose the proper ending. The purpose of a personal website is ____ .\par
\cf1 to provide information about an individual. \cf0\par
Choose the proper ending. Social networking websites help people____ .\cf1\par
to exchange personal information. \par
\cf0 Choose the proper ending. Educational websites aim ____ .\par
\cf1 to share knowledge and enable online learning.\cf0\par
Complete the sentence logically. It's hot in this room. I will ____ .\par
\cf1 open a window\cf0\par
Complete the sentence logically. I'm hungry. I will ____ .\par
\cf1 get something to eat\cf0\par
Complete the sentence logically. My flat is in a mess. I will ____ .\par
\cf1 tidy it\cf0\par
Complete the sentence logically. I haven't got any stamps.  I will ____ .\par
\cf1 go to the post office\cf0\par
Complete the sentence logically. I want some new glasses. I will ____ .\par
\cf1 go to the optician's\cf0\par
Complete the sentence logically. I'm cold. I will ____\par
\cf1  turn on the heating\par
\cf0\lang1033\f0 Complete the sentence logically. I've just missed my bus. I will ____ .\par
\cf1 take a taxi home\cf0\par
Complete the sentence logically. There's a good film on TV. I will ____ .\par
\cf1  watch it\cf0\par
Complete the sentence logically. My watch is broken. I will ____ .\par
\cf1 buy a new one\cf0\par
Choose the best answer. People visit CNN.com to ____international news.\par
\cf1 read\cf0\par
Choose the best answer. Some websites want to___a service.\par
\cf1 promote\cf0\par
Choose the best answer. Companies use Amazon.com to _____their products.\par
\cf1 sell\cf0\par
Choose the best answer. Thegreenshoppingguide.co.uk wants to______environmentally friendly shopping.\par
\cf1 offer\cf0\par
Choose the best answer. Students visit Math.com to ______their math.\par
\cf1 practice\cf0\par
Choose the best answer. English teachers join eltforum.com to____teaching resources.\par
\cf1 share\cf0\par
Choose the proper adjective. I am ___ than my sister.\par
\cf1 taller\cf0\par
Choose the proper adjective. My mum thinks that cats are ___ pets than dogs.\par
\cf1 better\cf0\par
Choose the proper adjective. Bicycles are ___ than cars.\par
\cf1 slower\cf0\par
Choose the proper adjective. She is ___  person I have ever known.\par
\cf1 the nicest\cf0\par
Choose the proper adjective. Computers are ___  mobile phones.\par
\cf1 chaeper\cf0\par
Choose the proper adjective. I think Rafael Nadal is ___ tennis player in Spain.\par
\cf1 the best\cf0\par
Choose the proper adjective. This situation is ___ than the last one.\par
\cf1 less serious\cf0\par
Choose the proper adjective. My brother wanted ___  trainers in the shop.\par
\cf1 the most expensive\cf0\par
Choose the proper adjective. I think Spanish is ___ than Japanese.\par
\cf1 easier\cf0\par
Choose the proper adjective. Our dog is ___ than your dog.\par
\cf1 bigger\cf0\par
Choose the proper adjective. We have a ___ server.\par
\cf1 fast\cf0\par
Choose the proper adjective. He is a ___ and smart boy.\par
\cf1 young\par
\cf0 Choose the right translation of the word " data " . \par
\cf1\lang1049\f1 ma'lumot\cf0\lang1033\f0\par
Choose the right translation of the word " database "\par
\cf1 ma'lumotlar bazasi\cf0\par
Choose the right answer. What are the main components of Database?\par
\cf1 users, data, hardware and software\cf0\par
Find the definition of "B2B" in the sentence. I work with B2B e-commerce systems \par
\cf1 business-to-business\cf0\par
Choose the right answer. One of the most popular C2C platforms is _____.\par
\cf1 eBay\cf0\par
Choose the appropriate form of the verb.The wind ______ last night.\par
\cf1 blew\cf0\par
Choose the appropriate form of the verb. When she heard it she ____ . \par
\cf1 cried\cf0\par
   Choose the appropriate form of the verb.We ____the postcard yesterday\par
\cf1 sent\par
\cf0  Choose the appropriate form of the irregular verb.   I ____ to buy some milk.      \par
\cf1 forgot\cf0\par
   Choose the appropriate form of the irregular verb.        You _ your keys last week.\par
\cf1 lost\cf0\par
 Choose the appropriate form of the irregular verb.They _ their homework yesterday    \par
\cf1 did\par
\cf0  Choose the appropriate form of the irregular verb. We've already __lunch.\par
\cf1 had\cf0\par
Choose the appropriate form of the irregular verb.    I have ____ sick all week. \cf1\par
been\par
\cf0 Choose the appropriate form of the irregular verb. She has finally _.\par
\cf1 come\cf0\par
Choose the appropriate form of the irregular verb. Did you ____well last night?\par
\cf1 sleep\cf0\par
Choose the appropriate form of the verb.                My classmate and I _   our teacher a question about the test.\par
\cf1 asked\cf0\par
Choose the appropriate form of the verb.  Finally, we ___the address. \par
\cf1 found\cf0\par
Choose the appropriate form of the verb. She didn't _ me yesterday.\par
\cf1 help\cf0\par
Find the definition of "C2C" in the sentence. C2C stands for ____ which describes e-commerce of transactions between consumers through a third party.\par
\cf1 consumer-to-consumer\cf0\par
Find the suitable answer. One of the most popular C2C platforms is ___ .\par
\cf1 eBay\cf0\par
Find the definition. E-business stands for ____ .\par
\cf1 electronic business\cf0\par
Find the definition. M-commerce stands for ____ .\par
 \cf1 mobile commerce\cf0\par
Find the definition. B2B Markets stand for ___\par
\cf1 business to business markets\cf0  \par
 Find the appropriate word . _is the process of gathering the payment and shipping information to complete the purchase of items in the shopping cart.\par
\cf1 checkout\cf0\par
Find the right word. ___ a small text file that is saved on the site visitor\rquote s computer and used as a temporary holding place for information related to the visitor\rquote s activity on the website.\par
\cf1 cookie\cf0\par
 Use the correct words . I have breakfast at ____ o'clock \par
\cf1 7 a.m\cf0\par
Use the correct number. Today is the __ of April. \par
\cf1 tenth\cf0\par
Use the correct number. It's the _day of our holiday in Florida. \par
\cf1 fifth\cf0\par
Use the correct number.He scored __goals in _games. \par
\cf1 three/two\cf0\par
Use the correct number. My brother was born on the _ of December.\par
\cf1 first\cf0\par
Use the correct Roman number for  " 30". \par
\cf1 xxx\cf0\par
Use the correct number. It was his _goal in the last ____ games.\par
\cf1 Third/two\cf0\par
Use the correct number. Jamie is ____  years old\par
\cf1 thirteen\cf0\par
What number is it? Two hundred and fourty-five\par
\cf1 245\cf0\par
What number is it?  1999\par
\cf1 one thousand nine hundred ninty nine\cf0\par
What number is it? Seventeen \par
\cf1 17\cf0\par
Find the synonym of  "purpose"\par
\cf1 goal\cf0\par
Find the synonym of  "online shopping "\par
\cf1 e-shopping\cf0\par
Find the synonym of "collect"\par
\cf1 gather\cf0\par
 Find the opposite word for " online"\par
\cf1 offline\cf0\par
 Find the opposite word for " buying"\par
\cf1 selling\cf0\par
Find the synonym of "Customer"\par
\cf1 client\cf0\par
Give the synonym of " turn on "\par
\cf1 switch on\cf0\par
Give the synonym of " switch on"\par
\cf1 turn on\cf0\par
Give the antonym of  " turn on "\par
\cf1 turn off\cf0\par
Give the antonym of  " switch on"\par
\cf1 switch off\cf0\par
Find the opposite word for " physical product"\par
\cf1 digital product\cf0\par
Find the right answer. What number is it?  1,001\par
\cf1 one thousand and one\cf0\par
 Find the appropriate word . __is a term which describes a business model where a company combines both offline and online activities for doing business with its customer.\par
\cf1 click-and-mortar\cf0\par
Find the definition. B2C stands for ____ .\par
\cf1 business-to-consumer\cf0\par
Find the best answer. Online shop is a trading platform that gives retailers the possibility _____ over the internet \par
\cf1 to sell goods and services\cf0\par
Find the best answer. ____ is a global leader in online payments and a fast and secure way for customers to pay online.\par
\cf1 paypal\cf0\par
Find the best answer. A person or a company that sells products on the Internet\par
\cf1 e-tailer\cf0\par
Choose the right answer. ____ is a trading platform that gives retailers the possibility to sell goods and services over the internet\par
\cf1 online shop\cf0\par
Find the best answer.What is E- commerce ?\par
\cf1 buying and selling of information, products and services by using the internet.\cf0\par
Find the best answer. A business that operates conventionally rather than (or as well as)over the Internet\par
\cf1 bricks-and-mortar\cf0\par
Choose the right phrasal verb. Ann opened the door of the car and _____ .\par
\cf1 got in \cf0\par
Choose the right phrasal verb. ___ the photos. ___ .\par
\cf1 look at\cf0\par
Choose the right phrasal verb. Computers  the ___programs.\par
\cf1 carry out\cf0\par
Choose the right phrasal verb. What do I need to _ a wireless LAN?\par
\cf1 set up\cf0\par
Choose the right phrasal verb.You can  ___new software on their site. \par
\cf1 try out\cf0\par
Choose the right phrasal verb. You can _____ information on the Web. \par
\cf1 look for\cf0\par
Choose the right phrasal verb. I usually _____ early.\par
\cf1 get up\cf0\par
Choose the right phrasal verb. Hackers might _ your PC.\par
\cf1 break into\cf0\par
Choose the right phrasal verb.  You can_____   words in a dictionary/\par
\cf1 look up\cf0\par
Choose the right phrasal verb. Is it OK to _____  to my bank account using public computers in a cybercafe?\par
\cf1 log on \cf0\par
Choose the right phrasal verb. What do I need to do to  __for a Yahoo! Email account?\par
\cf1 sign up\cf0\par
Fill in the gap. ___ is a form of electronic commerce which allows consumers to directly buy goods or services from a seller over the Internet\par
\cf1 online shopping\cf0\par
Choose the right answer. Customers can shop online using a range of different computers and devices, including ____ .\par
\cf1 desktop computers, laptops, tablet computers and smartphones\cf0\par
Choose the right answer. The e-tailer ships the products to the customer; for digital products, such as ____ .\par
\cf1 digital audio files of songs or software\cf0\par
Choose the right answer. The largest of these online retailing corporations are ___ .\par
\cf1 alibaba amazon.com and ebay\cf0\par
Choose the right answer. Online shopping _____ .\par
\cf1 allows consumers to directly buy goods or services from a seller over the internet\cf0\par
Choose the right answer. Online customers must have _____ .\par
\cf1 an access to the internet\cf0\par
Find the missing word. Online stores usually ____ shoppers to use "search" features.\par
\cf1 enable\cf0\par
Find the best ending to the sentence. Online customers must have access to the Internet and ___ .\par
\cf1 a valid method of payment\cf0\par
Find the best ending to the sentence. Consumers find a product of interest by ______ .\par
\cf1 visiting the website of the retailer directly\cf0\par
Find the mistake in the sentence. A online shop evokes the physical analogy of buying products or services\par
\cf1 A\cf0\par
Find the mistake in the sentence. The e-tailer usually send the file to the customer over the Internet. \par
\cf1 send\cf0\par
Find the mistake in the sentence. Customers can to shop online using a range of different computers and devices\par
\cf1 to shop\cf0\par
Find the mistake in the sentence. The largest of these online retailing corporations is Alibaba, Amazon.com, and eBay.\par
\cf1 is\cf0\par
Choose the right verb. The roads _ busy today. There _ a lot of traffic.\par
\cf1 Were/was\cf0\par
Choose the right verb. I've __ a lot of work today.\par
\cf1 done\cf0\par
Choose the right verb. Have you _ Ann this morning?\par
\cf1 seen\cf0\par
Choose the right verb. We've _ waiting for an hour.\par
\cf1 been\cf0\par
Choose the right verb. How many plays has Shakespear __ ?\par
\cf1 Written\cf0\par
Choose the right verb. Mary isn't at home. She's _ shopping.\par
\cf1 gone\cf0\par
Choose the right verb. 'Where's your key?'  'I don't know. I've ___ it.'\par
\cf1 lost\cf0\par
Choose the right verb. I did German at school but I __ most of it.\par
\cf1 forgot\cf0\par
Choose the right verb. I meant to phone Diane last night but I _ .\par
\cf1 forgot\cf0\par
I _ a headache earlier but I feel fine now.\par
\cf1 feel\cf0\par
Choose the right form of the verb. I think it's best __ opensource software.\par
\cf1 to use\cf0\par
Choose the right form of the verb. In my opinion, we should __ opensource software.\par
\cf1 use\cf0\par
Complete the sentence. Networking allows ____ .\par
\cf1 two or more computer systems to exchange information and share resources and peripherals\cf0 .\par
Complete the sentence. LANs _____ .\par
\cf1 are usually placed in the same building.\cf0\par
Complete the sentence. A router, a device that forwards data packets, __ .\par
\cf1 is needed to link a LAN to another network, e.g. to the Net.\cf0\par
Choose the right article. Who is _ best player in your team?\par
\cf1 the\cf0\par
Choose the right article. Can you tell me _ time?\par
\cf1 the\cf0\par
Choose the right articles. _ sky is blue and _ sun is shining.\par
\cf1 The/the\cf0\par
Use the correct number. Today is the __ of December. \par
\cf1 first\cf0\par
Use the correct number. I have got ___ sisters.\par
\cf1 four\cf0\par
Use the correct number. My ___ brothers are students too.\par
\cf1 two\cf0\par
Use the correct number. I go to bed at __ o'clock\par
\cf1 ten\cf0\par
Answer the question. What is the Internet?\par
\cf1 a computer network which is linking smaller computer networks worldwide\cf0\par
Answer the question. What does PAN stand for?\par
\cf1 personal area networks\par
\cf0 Answer the question.What does WAN stand for?\par
\cf1 wide area networks\cf0\par
Answer the question.What does WLAN stand for?\par
\cf1 wireless area networks\cf0\par
Answer the question.What does MAN stand for?\par
\cf1 metropolitan area networks\cf0\par
Find the correct answer.This network typically consist of two or more local area networks, covering a large geographical area.\par
\cf1 WAN\cf0\par
Find the correct answer. This type of network does not have a dedicated server; all the computers are independent\par
\cf1 client-server\cf0\par
Find the correct answer. On this topology, all devices are connected to the same circuit, forming a continuous loop.\par
\cf1 ring\cf0\par
Find the correct answer.The language used by computers to communicate with each other on the Internet is called.\par
\cf1 TCP/IP\cf0\par
Find the correct answer.Which cabels are used to transfer information for the Internet over long distances at high speeds?\par
\cf1 fibre optic cables\cf0\par
Find the correct answer.Which device allows several computers on a local network to share an internet connection?\par
\cf1 modem routeran\cf0\par
Find the correct answer.  Bluetooth is a wireless technology that uses radio waves to transmit data over\'85.\par
\cf1 short distances\cf0\par
Find the correct answer. Satellites is used for \'85 \'85. .\par
\cf1 long distances\cf0\par
Find the correct answer. WiMAX is used for ___,\par
\cf1 connecting Wi-Fi hotspots\cf0\par
Find the correct answer. GSM is used for ___.\par
\cf1 mobile phones \cf0\par
Find the correct answer. ___ typically include a laptop, a mobile phone and a PDA\par
\cf1 pan\cf0\par
Find the correct answer.  Wide Area Networks cover a _____.\par
\cf1 country or a continent\cf0\par
Fill in the gap. LANs are usually placed in __ building.\par
\cf1 the same\cf0\par
Fill in the gap. __ is one of the most common protocols for LANs.\par
\cf1 ethernet\cf0\par
Fill in the gap. Metropolitan Area Networks cover a __.\par
\cf1 campus or a city \cf0\par
Fill in the gap. In a bus network, all the computers are connected to a _______.\par
\cf1 main cable or bus\cf0\par
Fill in the gap. In a ring network, all devices are connected to ___.\par
\cf1 one another in a continos loop, or ring\cf0\par
Fill in the gap. A modem router is a device that _  your computer or home LAN to the Internet.\par
\cf1 connects\cf0\par
 Find the correct answer. How do you log on to the Internet Service Provider?\par
\cf1 we need to type in our username and passwort\cf0\par
Find the correct answer. What does ISP stand for?\par
\cf1 internet service provider\cf0\par
Find the correct answer. What does OCR stand for?\par
\cf1 optical character recognition \cf0\par
Find the correct answer. People who interact  with the database.\par
\cf1 users\cf0\par
Find the missing word. A ____reffers to a collection of logically related information organized so that it can be easily accessible, managed, and updated.\par
\cf1 database\cf0\par
Find the correct answer. What is a record ?\par
\cf1 collection of related fields \cf0\par
Choose the right ending. Most networks are linked with __ .\par
\cf1 cables or wires\cf0\par
Choose the appropriate form.There __ six computers in the room. \par
\cf1 are\cf0\par
Choose the appropriate form. ___ 30 students in the lesson.\par
\cf1 there are\cf0\par
Choose the appropriate form. _ ____ a pencil in my schoolbag.\par
\cf1 there is\cf0\par
Choose the appropriate form. _ ____ three birds on the roof.\par
\cf1 there are \cf0\par
Choose the appropriate form. __ ___ fun games to play on my computer. \par
\cf1 there aren't\cf0\par
Choose the appropriate form of the auxilary verb.She __  from France.\par
\cf1 is \cf0\par
Choose the appropriate form of the auxilary verb.    It _ __ Saturday tomorrow.\par
\cf1 will be \cf0\par
Choose the appropriate form of the auxilary verb.  You _____  an expensive watch.\par
\cf1 have\cf0\par
Choose the appropriate form of the auxilary verb.  ___there any people in the restaurant last night?\par
\cf1 were\cf0\par
Choose the correct answer._ many students in class yesterday.\par
\cf1 there weren't\cf0\par
Choose the appropriate form of the auxilary verb. My brother_ a red car. It ___ four doors.\par
\cf1 has/has\cf0\par
Choose the appropriate form of the auxilary verb.      We usually ___ a lot of homework in English.\par
\cf1 have\cf0\par
Choose the appropriate form of the auxilary verb.  My brother __   has  a new radio with a CD player.\par
\cf1 has\cf0\par
Find missing word.There are several ways to get _ out of a database\par
\cf1 data\cf0\par
Find missing word. Turn on the light. Its very __ in this room . \par
\cf1 dark\cf0\par
Find missing word. I study at the __ .\par
\cf1 university\cf0\par
Find missing word. I often __ news website.\par
\cf1 visit\cf0\par
Find missing word. Students  must speak __ at the English lesson.\par
\cf1 English\par
}
 